Thank you Tony and good day. The official death toll in El Salvador 
from Saturday's earthquake has reached 600 and is likely to go higher 
as rescuers give up hope of finding survivors. One man was found alive 
Monday after calling for help on his cellular telephone but officials 
believe thousands of others are buried under tons of rocks and mud. 
Authorities are burying bodies in mass graves to prevent a possible 
spread of disease. Salvadoran President Francisco Florez is appealing 
for more international aid. VOA's Greg Flakus picks up the story. 
There has already been a significant response from the United States, 
Mexico, Israel and European nations to El Salvador's tragedy. Many 
relief flights are coming into a military airport near the capital 
of San Salvador. Here in Mexico City El Salvador's ambassador to Mexico, 
Eduardo Calix appeared on the Televisa television network appealing 
for aid. He says many of his nation's hospitals have been heavily 
damaged so the victims are being treated in the gardens and outer 
areas near the hospitals. He says medicine is being used up rapidly 
and that antibiotics, analgesics and anti-diarrhea are mostly needed. 
Greg Flakus, VOA News, Mexico City. Saturday's earthquake measured 
7.6 on the Richter scale and was felt as far South as Panama and as 
far North as Mexico City. It also killed six people in Guatemala and 
damaged buildings in Honduras.